what a beauty pure simplicity
such emotion
this is hunter 146 double overhead cam
shoes this is the boss red car the most
unique ding of this car mr. dog above
the barrier of 200 kilometers no this is
amazing you know I tried the first game
of the Yunnan entre is a bit wobbly you
can check the gears out it's a bit
wobbly
ok let's go this unite on tries fitted
with a 1.6 litre v6 engine there's a
turbo overhead camshafts net benefits
you can drive faster faster this unit
has a spotless gasoline tank in the
world the interior of this car
plastic plastic glass plastic mirror but
the most beautiful thing of this car is
the air conditioning air conditioning
yeah it works it works you can turn in
father softer or even Oh justice people
doctors people after a nice ride around
the city it's now time to put this car
to the test
some say he needs rubber for breakfast
some say he's allergic to deodorant
firmer but all we know is he's noticed
that wasn't such a great sword and all
the girls break how I love
amazing first diamond please
whoops she made a wrong turn
going straight back to the finish line
and taking us